add keccak256 native (#1354)
kadena-io/pact: docs/en/pact-functions.md

Obtain current pact build version.
```lisp
pact> (pact-version)

> "4.11"

Author: I do not think the docs have been regenerated in a while - there are some changes that are not related to what I have touched.

Reviewer: In general: The readthedocs website is deprecated, *and* we need to _manually_ PR changes for docs.kadena.io, is this right @sstraatemans ?

"DsjZ0g3fCnsCUelBpyYbVXUH/2KHtQQ2Ko8XNMWpEBI="
pact> (keccak256 ["IP9FQ2ml0FuBp489sFgZ/qmwjCOE91ywq2qhFd1pDaM=", "Exh0ocqPcIrRUZ6pUsHiSctUDRljkseeh3VUJP7nyJA=", "gIxWJyI1nupS6KEvu7lp3Xlh0rpSA3STdVpfoE8NUKE=", "qibJtEFIwNO5TRxKWaMayhWui9RKy3gz2OkcS4b6MTU=", "pCM4e4FRtBM+0j9tcYe1DsIgStkBrXTTluRCdODsr6o=", "4Xs7kIXiImCzXKU7FcxSq7p1ivZ5j70E7O7O1kjzr08=", "2z3tdVeppc+3OCYSqKjz9FlH0aKc4pByko7Bk8ol1RA=", "cb1eGYTs9ALzBup2Lw8lKC9SltmXZYvj+YNpb/ptCVw=", "Y2m02veeml0xNiKRKPjrY8Ernp+niv96Pp4ZpiAiSTw=", "0Tbe+7W7e6G5OPNn/S9j61ynbAsP8hueNsPwcjDPPDA=", "dOXaWHBAp2l11+OfRJSs5Uhvy/OAq3VYxP6JZWM1uC4=", "TbhllQnqtGoZYTEm5ZQEJzLdTEEfQaqM3qxxwPtAqU4=", "baVYwF53thgoBvJtmv3z2gDGlBkiLIGGpu+tYAtBDmw=", "4vKnl+SdwfE1MZgB+m85awb5deKhkKAj5HS2GOc="])
"DsjZ0g3fCnsCUelBpyYbVXUH/2KHtQQ2Ko8XNMWpEBI="

> ```

Reviewer 2: Should these be unpadded?

Author: Oh, possibly. I should have confirmed what the base64 values looked like before committing. I can regenerate the values tomorrow.

Reviewer 3: Yes they need to be unpadded base64-url.

*x*&nbsp;`string` *&rarr;*&nbsp;`object:*`

> Decode a base-64-unpadded encoded Hyperlane Token Message into an object `{recipient:GUARD, amount:DECIMAL, chainId:STRING}`.

Reviewer 3: Were these changed manually? 

```suggestion
Decode a base64url-unpadded encoded Hyperlane Token Message into an object `{recipient:GUARD, amount:DECIMAL, chainId:STRING}`.
```

Author: No idea, refer to my earlier comment.
